
                                                    Joselyne Tran
Expectations Report:

    Just going down the list, I believe I was able to meet most
    of the expectations. I am fairly proud of my website, however, 
    there is still a lot I wish I could have done better. Due to
    having no time available this weekend, I had to finish Thursday
    night in order to get this assignment in on-time. If I had more
    time, I would have loved to go further in-depth with this project.
    Listing the expectations:
        1.) My website is for a made-up restuarant called "Modern Lily."
            The audience I chose for my website is mainly towards those
            into Asian-cuisine. While I feel it appeals to the younger
            audience due to it's modern theme with darker, higher-contrast
            images, I made sure to account for those who are less technology
            advance by making each page as straight forward as possible.
            I feel that it's theme is fairly consistent, but I do think
            some of the images I chose do feel out of place.
        2.) All of my content is original. I did all of the HTML and CSS
            by myself. All of the images were from Unsplash which is a
            a source for freely-usable images without the need to include
            any license and permission.
        3.) There are 5 seperate pages with one named index.html.
        4.) Each page includes a header.
        5.) The header has all the navigation links to each page.
        6.) I've used meultiple media queries, however I defintely could have
            gotten more into this. If I had more time, I would most defintely  
            handle the image and element placement more because when it gets
            small enough, some of the elements are not aligned correctly
        7.) There are some external css sheets, but my css code is quite messy 
            and I could have organized it much better.
        8.) Every page includes at least one image. All of the alts describe the images, 
            though I could have been morethorough with the names. 
        9.) All images are in the "images" directory and all CSS files are in the
            "css" directory. I did not use any Javascript.
        10.)I did not use any libraries or frameworks.
        11.)I checked each page with the Nu Validator and fix any errors.
        12.)For the most part, the content is neatly aligned and consistent.
        13.)Text should never bleed into other sections. 
        14.)I used Optima and Tahoma fonts with a combination of font faces.
        15.)The form is on the Contact page.
        16.)There is an external link on the menu page (rate me text with starts). I 
            only included this one because having more external links, I felt, wouldn't
            have really fit with my theme.
        17.)I consistently used kebab-case identifiers, but I defintely could have picked
            better, more meaningful names for all of my identifiers.
        18.)Will be zipped.
        19.)All file names are lowercase.
        20.)I have placed comments where I felt necessary but could have added more.
        
    I felt I went "above and beyond" with the feeling and atmosphere of my website. I really
    wanted to mimic a modern restuarant website with the dark, high-contrast images and minimal
    design. I think I was able to achieve this with some minor bugs here and there. Instead of
    just choosing random images with random placement, I wanted it to all feel coherent and consistent.
    There is a lot of things I could have improved on, but I am mostly happy with what I've done.

    For hour count, I think I would give this around 15-18 hours.

    For grade anticipation, I am really hoping for an A because I felt that I put a decent amount of care
    and time into this project. But, I do expect in a range from B - A because of some minor things I could
    have tweaked if I had more time.